call-for-paper.md, before:

# Call for Papers

35th Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory<br>
6-8 November 2024, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark<br>
[nwpt24.github.io](nwpt24.github.io)

## Important dates (AoE)

Submission of abstracts: September 24, 2024 23:59 AoE<br>
Notification: October 15, 2024<br>
Registration deadline: October 22, 2024, 23:59 AoE<br>
Final version abstract submission: October 29, 2024, 23:59 AoE<br>
Conference dates: 6-8 November 2024<br>

———————————————————————-

## Scope
NWPT is a series of annual regional-scope workshops on programming theory, targeted especially at younger researchers. In 2024, the workshop will take place in Copenhagen, Denmark. We hope this will be a nice opportunity to present recent results and/or work-in-progress, and to meet colleagues from the Nordic and Baltic countries. We encourage PhD students and postdocs to contribute. Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

  * semantics of programming languages,
  * programming language design and programming methodology,
  * programming logics,
  * formal specification of programs,
  * program verification,
  * program construction,
  * tools for program verification and construction,
  * program transformation and refinement,
  * real-time, hybrid/cyber-physical systems modeling and verification,
  * models of concurrency and distributed computing,
  * probabilistic and quantum programming,
  * model checking,
  * model-based testing,
  * language-based security.

## Submission guidelines
Authors wishing to give a talk at the workshop are requested to submit abstracts of 2-3 pages (pdf, printable on A4 paper, [typeset with LaTeX with easychair.cls](https://easychair.org/publications/for_authors)) through EasyChair:

[https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nwpt2024](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nwpt2024)

Work in progress as well as abstracts of manuscripts submitted for formal publication elsewhere are permitted. The abstracts of the accepted contributions will be available electronically before the workshop. By submitting to EasyChair you agree that your abstract will be publicly available. Moreover, you as an author are responsible for the content.

## Organizers and PC chairs

  * Michael Kirkedal Thomsen, University of Copenhagen and University of Oslo
  * Maja Hanne Kirkeby, Roskilde University
  * Morten Rhiger, Roskilde University
  * Jens Classen, Roskilde University
  * Fritz Henglein, University of Copenhagen and Deon Digital

## Contact

Questions about submissions can be sent to the conference contact email:

Michael Kirkedal Thomsen <m.kirkedal@di.ku.dk>

Commit message:

Revised page to use custom layout with navigation etc.

call-for-paper.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 35th Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory (NWPT) - Call for Papers
---

# Call for Papers

35th Nordic Workshop on Programming Theory<br>
6-8 November 2024, University of Copenhagen, Copenhagen, Denmark<br>
[nwpt24.github.io](nwpt24.github.io)

## Important dates (AoE)

Submission of abstracts: September 24, 2024 23:59 AoE<br>
Notification: October 15, 2024<br>
Registration deadline: October 22, 2024, 23:59 AoE<br>
Final version abstract submission: October 29, 2024, 23:59 AoE<br>
Conference dates: 6-8 November 2024<br>

———————————————————————-

## Scope
NWPT is a series of annual regional-scope workshops on programming theory, targeted especially at younger researchers. In 2024, the workshop will take place in Copenhagen, Denmark. We hope this will be a nice opportunity to present recent results and/or work-in-progress, and to meet colleagues from the Nordic and Baltic countries. We encourage PhD students and postdocs to contribute. Topics of interest include (but are not limited to):

  * semantics of programming languages,
  * programming language design and programming methodology,
  * programming logics,
  * formal specification of programs,
  * program verification,
  * program construction,
  * tools for program verification and construction,
  * program transformation and refinement,
  * real-time, hybrid/cyber-physical systems modeling and verification,
  * models of concurrency and distributed computing,
  * probabilistic and quantum programming,
  * model checking,
  * model-based testing,
  * language-based security.

## Submission guidelines
Authors wishing to give a talk at the workshop are requested to submit abstracts of 2-3 pages (pdf, printable on A4 paper, [typeset with LaTeX with easychair.cls](https://easychair.org/publications/for_authors)) through EasyChair:

[https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nwpt2024](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=nwpt2024)

Work in progress as well as abstracts of manuscripts submitted for formal publication elsewhere are permitted. The abstracts of the accepted contributions will be available electronically before the workshop. By submitting to EasyChair you agree that your abstract will be publicly available. Moreover, you as an author are responsible for the content.

## Organizers and PC chairs

  * Michael Kirkedal Thomsen, University of Copenhagen and University of Oslo
  * Maja Hanne Kirkeby, Roskilde University
  * Morten Rhiger, Roskilde University
  * Jens Classen, Roskilde University
  * Fritz Henglein, University of Copenhagen and Deon Digital

## Contact

Questions about submissions can be sent to the conference contact email:

Michael Kirkedal Thomsen <m.kirkedal@di.ku.dk>
